Oh shit, I almost parked. Hey, Morty, hold on. Watch this.
Uh-huh.
Okay, wait, what? What vat of acid?
Aren't you an inventor?
All right!
Let's just do this.
I have English homework.
How would you speak? How dumb are you?
Interesting choice of meeting place, Rick.
You like it? My grandson had notes.
Come on.
Show him the crystals, Morty.
I'll make lots of money with these.
I'll make lots of those with these.
Well, those are fake.
You're kidding me!
This is a f**king price.
Seriously?
Come on, you brought fake crystals and a gun.
Beats real crystals and no gun.
Okay, but does anything beat fake crystals and a fake arm?
You know who I am?
Even if you kill me, you're a dead man.
You serious?
Morty, he's right. We're screwed.
Let's just end it.
Quick death. Come on.
Oh, man.
Holy s**t, what the f**k?
Holy s**t.
What kind of psycho? His own grandson.
Guess he took his thread pretty serious.
Yeah, but it just doesn't make any sense.
Well, he was a scientist.
Maybe he knew more about acid.
Maybe it's like the most painless way to go.
How could that have been painless?
You saw that pause before the bones floated up?
That had to be five seconds of unparalleled torture.
I can't get my head around it.
I thought I'd seen this galaxy and it's dark.
This is going to take a while to feel normal.
We're pretty good listeners, boss.
Drinks run us if you want to talk it out.
Thanks, but what happened?
It happened here. I don't want to lose a moment.
Take your time, boss. We'll stay here as long as you want.
Absolutely. I got nowhere to be.
Don't actually want you behind me.
Okay, fine.
No.
Hey, how did you save me from Gucci and then いちずい radiated it?
Wait.
Hey, don't look at me like that.
Suppose I look at you?
Yeah.
For five seconds it just seemed like.
Okay, let's go.
Don't even realize.
fire from Z not a fluid but his AI hologram is f***ing his own peehole.
Great story boss.
Really detailed.
Yeah well I got a million of them.
Alright I think I'm ready to deal with the world now.
Let's get out of here.
Should we drop our buddy in here before we go?
Yeah probably a good idea.
Should we use a different vat?
Does acid lose its acid power the more it dissolves?
What am I an acidologist?
Hey grab that right like creature we're doing a little test.
If you're gonna test the damn acid don't use a rat.
Take that ladle grab a spoon, put it in the analyzer.
Oh my oh okay I'd say that's pretty acid-y.
Drop them in.
What are you doing?
You said not to rat the guy.
Oh my oh look at the size of the bones on that rat.
Oh how many sets of bones this rat got?
Look how the smaller ones just shaped like little cartridges.
If you drew a bone in our class.
Alright that tears it.
I'm canceling the rest of my night and calling a bone scientist.
We're getting to the bottom of this.
I'm not gonna die.
Can we go?
The fuck is wrong with you?
Just admit it was a shitty idea.
Having a grandson?
You're not a fat of fake acid?
Are you dying of dementia?
Why are you talking to me like this?
When did you get so cocky?
Tonight!
Tonight Rick!
The night I saw you fail.
Because you ruined it.
It was pre-ruined.
Oh was it worse than when I was a pickle?
Oh that's right you weren't there for that.
Turns out kind of cool.
Maybe there's a connection there.
Excuse me?
Was that cool thing you did without me again?
The awesome thing?
I guess you wanted a dragon?
Wow unforgettable.
God fuck you.
You really got in on that Game of Thrones fever right at the peak.
Are you trying as hard as you can to hurt me right now?
Proves my point.
I'll let you know when you have a point and the world will know when I try to hurt you.
Big man, big genius, big lonely drunk.
You saved some of these atomic age beatnik zingers for your English homework, Bakowski.
There's no such thing as a bad idea Morty.
It's about execution.
No such thing as a bad idea except all of mine right?
Morty, wanting a dragon isn't an idea.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm constantly pitching you ideas, Rick, and you act like they're not even worth thinking
about.
What, a helicopter lawn chair?
That's just something you saw on TV.
What about my video game style place saving device?
Oh my god, here we go.
It's a good idea, Rick.
A device that lets you...
Save your place like in a video game but in real life so that you can try stuff and
then go back to your save point.
Yes, Morty, I saw it on Futurama.
Oh, so you don't do anything unless it's original?
I don't do time travel.
It's not time travel.
It's saving a place in time.
Oh my god, is this what you think I do?
This is where the heavy lifting happens in your mind?
Do you have any idea how much f***ing work would have to go into a machine that...
Ah, you can't do it.
I can do anything, Morty.
Your idea is not worth doing.
You can't do it.
Before what you're trying to do was called nagging, it was called reverse psychology,
and incels didn't invent it.
Bugs Bunny did.
You can't do it.
There is nothing I cannot do.
A place saving video game thing.
You're a piece of sh**.
You just say you can't do it.
I won't.
You won't say you can't?
F*** you, Morty.
You!
Shut up, bitch!
Yes, I'm gonna f***ing do it!
Rick, it's 3 a.m.
What's going on?
Why'd you call me?
You were right, Morty.
I failed.
I can't make it.
And honestly, I'm pretty ashamed.
That might be why I've been so aggressive and unfair about rejecting your ideas.
Rick!
Fake acid, Vat, Morty.
Maybe I've lost it.
Maybe I never had it.
Hey, come on.
You know I didn't mean it that way.
I think we just need to find better ways to communicate.
Sorry, I just... I lash out sometimes.
I don't know why I do that.
I'm so ashamed of myself.
Hearing you talk about the Vat, it really opened my eyes.
Like, what the f*** am I even doing?
Hey, I don't like hearing this talk.
You're a great inventor.
We just got a couple things to work on.
Let's start with inventing a little honesty.
Sound good?
Thank you, Morty.
Sounds good.
Or maybe I'll just kill you.
What?
Oh, Rick!
Because I f***ing did it!
Oh, yeah!
Holy s***, you did it!
You did it!
I did it, you little son of a bitch!
You're gonna explain or you wanna go have some fun?
I wanna have some fun.
Oh, my God.
Rick, this is... this is... thank you.
You can thank me later.
Go nuts.
This grandpa ever!
That's all I ever wanted to hear.
Alright, class.
I know I've been absent for most of this school year.
I'll be honest with you.
During spring break, I attended a Renaissance fair
and fell in love with a buxom hand-axe juggler half my age.
I overpaid my interest in her lifestyle just to get closer to her,
traveling the country with her troop,
and I am embarrassed to say I am now an expert blackster
and a blacksmith with several STDs and a broken heart.
I beseech your nasty little asses to speak on the matter no further.
Now that that's out of the way, who wants to do some math?
I'll do it.
A bold move, Morty Smith, but can you deliver?
Oh, I've got something to deliver.
Ah!
Oh, God!
What the hell?
Oh, God damn it, this is traumatizing!
Oh, my God.
What's wrong with your dick?
I'm allergic to sheepskin!
Bold move, Morty Smith, but can you deliver?
Holy s***!
I could do anything.
Yes, with math, anything is possible.
Except a long-term relationship with a woman that calls you a warlock for using a phone.
Hi, uh, hey, Jessica.
Oh, hey, Morty.
Hey, Jessica, right?
Um, yeah, hi, sorry.
I thought you knew my name because we've interacted so many times,
but maybe I was just being stupid.
Sorry.
Hi, I'm Jessica.
That's me.
Cool, see you around.
Jessica, yeah, I hope I see you around.
Yes, we'll see.
I think I'm gonna like this thing.
Oh, shit, suicide bike.
I love these!
You're living too fast, Morty.
I don't pay for your friendship, heroin key.
Damn.
I'm gonna like this thing.
Nobody knows what you're just about.
It's in the way that you're using.
But you know.
It comes and goes.
It's in the way that you're using.
I don't deserve this. I was just having fun.
So is Jeffrey Dahmer. Speaking of, time to pay the piper.
Morty Smith, come out with your hands up, you sick f***er.
We're all so fine with just shooting you if you want a suicide by cop.
What? What is this?
Wow, looks like a SWAT team, some drug dealers, some grassroots Me Too activists, the ACLU. Jesus, Morty. The AARP.
I don't want to talk about it.
The NAACP Gamer, Kate Morty. Is that Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor?
Oh my God, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Is that what you wanted to say? What do I do?
Well, I'm stumped. Seems like there's no way out of this one.
Unless...
God damn it.
Yeah, I guess it is. What did you call it? A shitty idea?
Say the VAT is good.
The VAT is good.
Kiss the VAT.
Do not go into that VAT. It appears to be full of acid.
It is. Please, he's just a little boy. Let me talk to him.
Tell him we're very upset.
Morty, please step back. That VAT is full of acid. It'll melt you completely, leaving only your bones.
God damn it.
I'm sorry. What did you say?
Go in in the VAT.
Oh, no. Oh, I blame myself. Oh, what a tragedy. This... Oh, well, he's bones now. I guess all debts are paid.
Agreed. He's definitely dead.
Why else would the bones come up?
Well, his actions were horrifying, and we are well within our rights to be outraged.
I do wonder if we bear some responsibility for this young man melting himself in acid.
Are we here for justice or something else?
Though justice be thy plea, consider this, that in the course of justice, none of us should see salvation.
We do pray for mercy.
Merchant of Venice, nice. Very cool. Lots to think about.
Vengeance is a tomb. All comes to us.
All right, okay. This isn't a poetry reading. A kid just died. Everybody go home and hug your loved one or something.
Wait, how do we know that's really acid, and you didn't just have someone's bones in there?
I mean, if you're doubting if that's really acid and not just jacuzzi-heated Mountain Dew, you're welcome to use this ladle.
You think I'm a goddamn idiot? Brought my own.
Oh, God! Oh, God, no! Oh, God, no! Oh, no! Huh? I'm acid-proof.
F*** all of you. F*** all of you! I'm gonna be rich! Here's my ass. Take a good look. Spank it! Acid-proof!
Feels like that guy had other stuff going on.
Don't ever make fun of me again. Ever!
All right, come on, Morty. Let's go home.
Wait, what? This isn't our reality?
What, you think I'd waste our home teaching you a f***ing lesson? I am gonna miss this place, though. Johnny Carson's still alive and on the air.
9-11 never happened, and Rocky Road Ice Cream has peanut butter instead of marshmallows.
What? The marshmallows are the best part!
Morty!
Our next guest gave us, well, actually, very little information, besides the fact that he is impervious to acid.
So here he is. He's here to prove it. Let's welcome this guy.
Let's do this sh**.
Now, you're sure about this?
Eat my a**.
I did not know that ass was on the menu.
Don't steal my moment. Do it!
Okay, then without further ado, drop him.
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Ah, oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Ah, ahhhhhhh!
Looks like I'll be eating as f***ed flambé.
Please kill me.
Did you get any of that?